[Online] Chương Trình Tình Nguyện Liên Hợp Quốc UN Volunteers (UNV) Tuyển Dụng Tình Nguyện Viên Mảng Truyền Thông 2022

GIỚI THIỆU CÔNG TY
Địa điểm: Hồ Chí Minh; Hà Nội; Đà Nẵng; Huế; Khác - Loại hình công ty: Cơ Quan Nhà Nước; NGO/NPO/CLB Tình Nguyện - Lĩnh vực kinh doanh: - - Quy mô công ty: - - Website: Không có - - Fanpage: Không có

Chương trình Tình nguyện viên Liên Hợp Quốc là một tổ chức của Liên Hợp Quốc đóng góp cho hòa bình và phát triển thông qua hoạt động tình nguyện trên toàn thế giới.

Tính chất công việc: Tình nguyện - Chuyên môn: Marketing, Truyền Thông, PR - Kinh nghiệm: Không cần kinh nghiệm - Đừng lo! Chúng tôi sẽ đào tạo bạn từ đầu. Có kinh nghiệm là điểm cộng! - Mức lương: Thỏa thuận

Mission and objectives
The United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme contributes to peace and development through volunteerism worldwide. We work with partners to integrate qualified, highly motivated and well supported UN Volunteers into development programming and promote the value and global recognition of volunteerism. UNV is administered by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and reports to the UNDP/UNFPA/UNOPS Executive Board. Read more about the added value of UNV, UN Volunteers and volunteerism (https://www.unv.org/Added-value-UNV-UN-Volunteers-and-volunteerism).

Context
UNV works under a dual mandate – to mobilize volunteers for the United Nations System and to support to deliver on the 2030 Agenda through the engagement of UN-Volunteers and the integration of volunteerism. UNV Regional Office for Asia Pacific deploys UN Volunteers to around 30 countries and territories every year. In 2021, approximately 1,670 National and International UN Volunteers served with about 30 different UN Entities in the region. As the trends show, the numbers of UN Volunteers, especially National UN Volunteers, in most countries have been increasing due to the COVID-19. UNV puts significant efforts in outreaching to and sourcing future UN Volunteer candidates to help more people join the United Nations system as UN Volunteers and support peace, development and humanitarian efforts around the world.

Task description
The expected result of this online volunteering support is to raise awareness on UN Volunteer vacancies and boost applications in Viet Nam. The final product of this online volunteering should present a list of UN Volunteer vacancies re-posted from UNV Asia Pacific regional facebook and twitter; analysis of social media engagement on the shared posts; documentation of good practices of sharing the vacancies and raising awareness on the vacancies; and risk analysis identified while managing the social media posts, etc. Upon selection, the online volunteer will receive further guidance to carry out this online volunteering. The online volunteer will assist over the period of two months in total (from Mar till 30 Apr 2022). Upon completion, the online volunteer will receive a Certificate of Appreciation for his/her contributions.