Online Teaching for the Global Citizenship Course

General
Description of assignment title
Online Teaching for the Global Citizenship Course

Assignment country
Viet Nam

Expected start date
Invalid Date

Sustainable Development Goal
4. Quality education

For how many hours per week will the volunteer be required?
1 - 5 hours per week

Host entity
MienTrung Industry and Trade College

Type
Online

Duration
8 weeks

Number of assignments
4

Details
Mission and objectives

MienTrung Industry and Trade college formerly was TuyHoa Industrial College until February 2018.

Mission: To provide learners and social communities the training and high quality research services meeting social demand.

Core value system: Quality, professionalism, creativity, responsibility, integration.

Overall objectives and activities:
1. To train human resources with associate level and other lower levels in fields of science and technology (Geology, Geodesy, Chemical Engineering, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, Electronic Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Economics, Environmental Engineering, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning, Mechanical Engineering, Welding, Metal Cutting, Automobile, Environmental Engineering, Biological Engineering); Economics (Business Administration, Accounting, Banking); Services (Tourism, Fashion Design, Graphic Design)...
2- To retrain and foster the managing staff, specialized technical and high skill workers.
3- To develop curriculum, syllabus, teaching and learning plans for the disciplines that the school is allowed to train according to the framework program set by the government.
4. To carry out the work of enrollment, management of learners, training process, graduation assessment and diplomas issuing according to the provisions of the Education Law and Vocational Education Law.
5. To build, train and foster lecturers according to the standards prescribed by the government.
6. To organize the research and development of specialized science and technology; to combine training with scientific research and production labor.
7. To do scientific and technical services, technology transfer, production experiments, production and business suitable to the training disciplines.
8. To organize activities of printing documents and textbooks in service of training and scientific research accor

Context
The Global Citizenship course is an online social impact course that is free and mandatory for our students. The course aims to raise awareness about sustainable development in our students, shift the mindset of our students, and make a social impact on our community (population: nearly one million people).

To that end, we are seeking the support of online volunteers to teach 4 topics from the course. The role of the online volunteers is to connect "their world" and "our students' world", as a friendly cultural bridge between those marginalized students with international peers. This will help the students to get international exposure and for the students to think out-of-the-box so they can step out of their comfort zone. The volunteers can also get a better cultural understanding of Vietnam from the students

Task type
Teaching, Training and Mentorship

Task description
Specifically, the selected online volunteers are expected to teach one of 4 topics:
1. Bussiness Administration and Tourism
2. Information Technology
3. Quality Assurance and Research management
4. English in 17SDGs

The materials for the course will be provided (MienTrung Industry and Trade College), and the selected online volunteers are expected to also prepare their ideas, experiences, and stories for sharing with the students.

To ensure smooth delivery, a teacher from MienTrung Industry and Trade College will also join the online class to accompany and provide assistance, when needed.

The class will be held by the Vietnam timezone (UTC +7), on weekdays. Each topic will last 1 session, 2 hours/session. Rather than like a one-way teaching class, these sessions will be more like conversations and discussions where the online volunteers will tell the students about their views, their ideas, and their experiences for students' new perspectives and mindsets. This will also serve as an opportunity for the students to interact and have conversations with colleagues from different backgrounds and get international experience and exposure in education.

A reference letter can be provided, along with scientific research opportunities (if the online volunteers prefer or need to). The volunteers will also be awarded a certificate from UNV at the end of the assignment.

Assignment requirements
Required experience
At least a Master's degree in topics such as Social and Emotional Learning, Digital Citizen, Liberal Arts Education, or Diversity in Culture with a 17SDG theme.
Public speaking experience is a plus.
At least 1 year of experience on the topics.

Languages
English, Level: Native language, Required

Other information
Inclusivity statement
United Nations Volunteers is an equal opportunity programme that welcomes applications from qualified professionals. We are committed to achieving diversity in terms of gender, care protected characteristics. As part of their adherence to the values of UNV, all UN Volunteers commit themselves to combat any form of discrimination, and to promoting respect for human rights and individual dignity, without distinction of a person’s race, sex, gender identity, religion, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, disability, pregnancy, age, language, social origin or other status.

Scam warning
The United Nations does not charge any application, processing, training, interviewing, testing or other fee in connection with the application or recruitment process. Should you receive a solicitation for the payment of a fee, please disregard it. Furthermore, please note that emblems, logos, names and addresses are easily copied and reproduced. Therefore, you are advised to apply particular care when submitting personal information on the web.